Wenzi, you are finally here
Look what you found
Yesterday, I saw my son running into our house at the bar
Wan Jie, don't do this
Not Wenwen
When did you start calling me by my full name?
Ah.
I just think we treated him like that last night
Isn't that a little too much?
It's too much.
It's just rubbish at the bottom of society
It's not on the same level as us at all
I still want him to lick our floor clean
Oops, this is so dirty
Don't do this to him
Why do you feel like a different person?
He bullies you.
Boy, what's the matter with you two?
Oh, how dare you resist?
Chu Lao, you are here
This kid doesn't take me seriously
You take off his arm for me first
I see if his mouth is still hard, okay?